README.md, before:

# HashiPartsUnlimited

## Drupal Application - Infrastructure Deployment With Terraform

### Notes

Primary Datacenter us-west-1
App Replica eu-central-1

APP
Single VPC in each of the two regions
VPC in all available Availability Zones
Subnet in each available AZ
VPC mesh between app VPCs
SSH NOT open externally
App accessible only via LB or API gateway which are open to internet
Drupal
Enforce deployment in US and EU only

Admin
Admin VPC in each region
VPC in only 2 available AZs w/Bastion Host
Subnet in each of the 2 AZs
VPC peering connect admin VPCs together and regional admin VPC to regional APP VPC
SSH open to internet

Sentinel
Require Manager approval for deployments over $100

Joe - Global VP Infrastructure
Uptime Goals and Budget
Visibility
Governance - thus region requirements
Cost - development environments
Deployment to insecure environments
Compliance via push button

Bo - Security
Compliance app checklist
Drupal PCI compliant
Website cookie GDPR - No GDPR feature but Sentinel
Manager actions need to be logged permanently

Kim - System Admin
Manual deployment of Drupal application
Manual checklist of compliance
Cost Estimation
Use TF in DevOps way - No-one should know about TF

Docs - how TE supports goals cost estimation, monitoring options
Map how TF supports networking equipment providers (3000 switches and routers)

Commit message:

Infrastructure VPC, Subnets, Peering
Created Terraform code VPCs in US-West and EU-Central with for Application and Administration

README.md, after:

# HashiCorp Terraform CHIP - Parts Unlimited

## Drupal Application - Infrastructure Deployment With Terraform

### Notes

~~Primary Datacenter us-west-1~~
~~App Replica eu-central-1~~

APP
~~Single VPC in each of the two regions~~
~~VPC in all available Availability Zones~~
~~Subnet in each available AZ~~
~~VPC mesh between app VPCs~~
SSH NOT open externally
App accessible only via LB or API gateway which are open to internet
Drupal
Enforce deployment in US and EU only

Admin
~~Admin VPC in each region~~
~~VPC in only 2 available AZs~~ w/Bastion Host
~~Subnet in each of the 2 AZs~~
~~VPC peering connect admin VPCs together and regional admin VPC to regional APP VPC~~
SSH open to internet

Sentinel
Require Manager approval for deployments over $100

Joe - Global VP Infrastructure
Uptime Goals and Budget
Visibility
Governance - thus region requirements
Cost - development environments
Deployment to insecure environments
Compliance via push button

Bo - Security
Compliance app checklist
Drupal PCI compliant
Website cookie GDPR - No GDPR feature but Sentinel
Manager actions need to be logged permanently

Kim - System Admin
Manual deployment of Drupal application
Manual checklist of compliance
Cost Estimation
Use TF in DevOps way - No-one should know about TF

Docs - how TE supports goals cost estimation, monitoring options
Map how TF supports networking equipment providers (3000 switches and routers)

## Demonstration
* Show how Terraform Cloud/Enterprise is used to connect to Github and Perform DevOps actions automatically
* Show how to maintain Sentinal Policies
* Demonstrate the use of Sentinel Policies
* Demonstrate an application change and deployment in Development

## Documentation

For a full overview of Cost Estimation in Terraform go to their website and read the [Cost Estimation Section](https://www.terraform.io/docs/cloud/getting-started/cost-estimation.html)
